# Power-Measurement-of-NLP-Methods-Using-Zero-Shot-Classification
Humans can learn new concepts of tasks in efficient amount of time. With the advancement of technology, it is needed to implement NLP models with different domains of work on huge amount of data. These models have gained noteworthy accuracy in domain based tasks. However, the accuracy of these models depends on the available hardware and software resources on model training and how the training process impacts on environment in terms of power consumption. As a result, these models are costly to develop in particular amount of work. Zero shot classification is the unsupervised method where the model can be implemented on unseen label in multipurpose domains of work. In this study, this issue is brought under attention to select a model with less power consumption with high accuracy implemented on zero shot classification.Humans can learn new concepts of tasks in efficient amount of time. With the advancement of technology, it is needed to implement NLP models with different domains of work on huge amount of data. These models have gained noteworthy accuracy in domain based tasks. However, the accuracy of these models depends on the available hardware and software resources on model training and how the training process impacts on environment in terms of power consumption. As a result, these models are costly to develop in particular amount of work. Zero shot classification is the unsupervised method where the model can be implemented on unseen label in multipurpose domains of work. In this study, this issue is brought under attention to select a model with less power consumption with high accuracy implemented on zero shot classification.
